here now with Luigi Spaziano the
executive chef of Sorrento restaurants
in Uptown Serrano Luigi hi Jim a lot it
leisure to meet you thank you have a
village no pet can complain since you're
new to Canada since you're new to the
City of Toronto a little history about
who Luigi Spaziano is Luigi say guys he
loved his job he loves to cooking and
you know I'm coming from my area where
we do just fish at samos orient fish
pasta and you know I went to the
Culinary School had a lot experience
travelling around the world the United
States French share money so you
essentially you saw what the Italian
food was here and you said we could do
better we can do better just because
they're doing like a little bit
old-fashioned wood style Italian food
you know like meatball spin about the
car and those kind of food in Italy
doesn't exist anymore no exist no Caesar
salad is not even Italian right all
those kind of just in the name right
just the name Caesar salad it makes me a
little bit sick but they know I love it
too yeah I can eat it but that's not
really italian okay so what do you have
cooking for us today because you can
fish you mentioned fresh yeah yes we
just get a fish from Italy we call Emory
Chola and send a family over to grouper
or group or family yes and we're gonna
make it with a paw cream cherry tomato
and garlic and that's it that's that's
it that's it four things four things a
little bit of parsley and that's it okay
the first thing I'm gonna do I'm gonna
drop the pasta because it's gonna take
about this 12 minutes then I'm gonna hit
olive oil coming from Sicily I'm gonna
add some garlic a little pure garlic not
too much you know what that strong
aftertaste
awakening is spicy food in the spice
an efficient years
I got a secret right here I'm not in any
fish stock any wine because I don't
wanna I don't mess up with the flavor of
the fish so I don't put anyone and I
don't like to cook with water just water
that's just worthless because fish grow
up in the wood yeah of course why I got
a head the wine on their plate okay
fresh part saline I'm gonna choke in any
parsley I'm gonna leave it just like
this yeah
that's gonna look beautiful
now you've been known to have unique
take on different things you created an
Italian sushi
yes yes and actually we are trying an
new one today after you gonna leave
top-secret right now yeah because I was
working on something new we want to do a
different way yes but we did that in
Italian sushi it was a little bit crazy
for people they like it it's amazing
it's amazing how plates are considered a
canvas yes I mean a dish itself is
already it's important as the definition
and then because we want to be a little
bit fancy just a little bit it's black
squid ink so what I'm gonna do
so just light it
Luigi Spaziano revolutionizing the way
Italian food is made in the City of
Toronto thanks very much thank you Luigi
and Sorrento come as the thank you very
that looks fantastic